Hofmann-Streicher universes for graphs and globular types (#1196)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/structured-types/transitive-globular-types.lagda.md

**Note.** This is not established terminology and may change.

## Definitions

> ### The predicate of being a transitive globular type

Reviewer: I don't think the phrasing "predicate of being transitive" is appropriate here, since it is important to emphasize that this is structure.

```suggestion
### Transitivity structure on a globular type
```

  Σ (globular-structure l2 A) (is-transitive-globular-structure)
```

### Globular maps between transitive globular types

> Since there are at least two notions of morphism between transitive globular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since there are many notions of morphism between transitive globular
```

Author: I find "many" more subjective than "at least two"
